#

## Using the "exclude" property

The exclude attribute (a glob pattern) tells the language service what files are not part of your source code. This keeps performance at a high level. If IntelliSense is slow, add folders to your exclude list (VS Code will prompt you to do this if it detects the slow down).
```js
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "module": "es6",
    "target": "es6"
  },
  "exclude": ["node_modules"]
}

```
- Tip: You will want to exclude files generated by a build process (for example, a dist directory). These files will cause suggestions to show up twice and will slow down IntelliSense.

## Using the "include" property

Alternatively, you can explicitly set the files in your project using the include attribute (a glob pattern). If no include attribute is present, then this defaults to including all files in the containing directory and subdirectories. When a include attribute is specified, only those files are included. Here is an example with an explicit include attribute.


```js
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "module": "commonjs",
    "target": "es6"
  },
  "include": ["src/**/*"]
}
```
- Tip: The file paths in exclude and include are relative to the location of jsconfig.json.

## jsconfig Options

Below are jsconfig "compilerOptions" to configure the JavaScript language support.

- Tip: Do not be confused by compilerOptions, since no actual compilation is required for JavaScript. This attribute exists because jsconfig.json is a descendant of tsconfig.json, which is used for compiling TypeScript.

Option	Description
noLib	Do not include the default library file (lib.d.ts)
target	Specifies which default library (lib.d.ts) to use. The values are "es3", "es5", "es6", "es2015", "es2016", "es2017", "es2018", "es2019", "es2020", "esnext".
module	Specifies the module system, when generating module code. The values are "amd", "commonJS", "es2015", "es6", "esnext", "none", "system", "umd".
moduleResolution	Specifies how modules are resolved for imports. The values are "node" and "classic".
checkJs	Enable type checking on JavaScript files.
experimentalDecorators	Enables experimental support for proposed ES decorators.
allowSyntheticDefaultImports	Allow default imports from modules with no default export. This does not affect code emit, just type checking.
baseUrl	Base directory to resolve non-relative module names.
paths	Specify path mapping to be computed relative to baseUrl option.
